Brother Yang
Why, Miss?
I can protect you.
But I just want you to live
I'm just too weak
Anyone can deceive the sun
After Wu Song
You must practice well
No.
Do not go
I can willingly serve you as a soldier
But you must promise me two conditions
Otherwise, I will die with Brother Yang
How dare you blackmail me?
Let's just say so.
My life and Brother Yang's life are more than grass
If you can get your great career in exchange, senior
We are also dead
How dare you!
Wild Dad promises you
Thank you so much.
My first condition is
I want you to break the mirror of Brother Yang once.
You bitch
What a big appetite
A broken mirror
You can break through a big realm alone
How dare you ask for a bottle?
Are you worth that much?
OK
I will thank you very much.
So here's my second condition.
I want them both dead
Big niece, we are blood relatives
Forcing us to remember the blood relatives
You're going to kill us?
Did you ever remember the blood relatives?
Ask the seniors to fulfill
For the sake of your willingness to become an old body
I'll kill these dragon chairs for you
Uh-huh.
How to forgive
Go find the city lord